whatisinternetofthings?
It is the network of devices, vehicles, and home appliances that contain electronics, software, actuators, and connectivity which allows these things to connect, interact and exchange data.
internetofthings
It is the network of devices, vehicles, and home appliances that contain electronics, software, actuators, and connectivity which allows these things to connect, interact and exchange data.
whatisbioinformatics?
It is interdisciplinary field that develops methods and software tools for understanding biological data.
bioinformatics
It is interdisciplinary field that develops methods and software tools for understanding biological data.
whatiscybersecurity?
It is the protection of computer systems from theft or damage to their hardware, software or electronic data, as well as from disruption or misdirection of the services they provide.
cybersecurity
It is the protection of computer systems from theft or damage to their hardware, software or electronic data, as well as from disruption or misdirection of the services they provide.
whatisvirtualreality?
The Computer-generated simulation of a three-dimensional image or environment that can be interacted with in a seemingly real or physical way by a person using special electronic equipment.
virtualreality 
The Computer-generated simulation of a three-dimensional image or environment that can be interacted with in a seemingly real or physical way by a person using special electronic equipment.
whatisbitcoin?
It is the cryptocurrency, a form of electronic cash. It is a decentralised digital currency without a central bank that can be sent from user-to-user on the peer-to-peer bitcoin network without the need of intermediaries.
bitcoin
It is the cryptocurrency, a form of electronic cash. It is a decentralised digital currency without a central bank that can be sent from user-to-user on the peer-to-peer bitcoin network without the need of intermediaries.
whatisassistedtransportation?
It is advanced application which, without embodying intelligence as such, aims to provide innovative services relating to different modes of transport and traffic management and enables users to be better informed and make safer, more coordinated, and 'smarter' use of transport networks.
assistedtransportation
It is advanced application which, without embodying intelligence as such, aims to provide innovative services relating to different modes of transport and traffic management and enables users to be better informed and make safer, more coordinated, and 'smarter' use of transport networks.
whatisrobotics?
It is the design and use of robots to perform tasks done traditionally by humans.
robotics
It is the design and use of robots to perform tasks done traditionally by humans.
whatissmartcities?
It use data and technology to create efficiencies, improve sustainability, create economic development, and enhance quality of life factors for people living and working in the city.
smartcities
It use data and technology to create efficiencies, improve sustainability, create economic development, and enhance quality of life factors for people living and working in the city.
whatisdatascience?
It is interdisciplinary field that uses scientific methods, processes, algorithms and systems to extract knowlegde and insights from data in various forms, both structured and unstructured.
datascience
It is interdisciplinary field that uses scientific methods, processes, algorithms and systems to extract knowlegde and insights from data in various forms, both structured and unstructured.
whatis5gtechnology?
It is the Fifth Generation of cellular mobile communication. It targets high data rate, reduced latency, higher system capacity, and massive device connectivity.
5gtechnology 
It is the Fifth Generation of cellular mobile communication. It targets high data rate, reduced latency, higher system capacity, and massive device connectivity.
whatisvirtualassistant?
It is Software Agent that can perform tasks or services for an individual.
virtualassistant
It is Software Agent that can perform tasks or services for an individual.
whatisaugmentedreality?
A technology that superimposes a computer-generated image on a user's view of the real world, thus providing a composite view.
augmentedreality
A technology that superimposes a computer-generated image on a user's view of the real world, thus providing a composite view.
whatishighperformancecomputing?
High Performance Computing(HPC) is the use of supercomputers and parallel processing techniques for solving complex computational problems.
highperformancecomputing 
High Performance Computing(HPC) is the use of supercomputers and parallel processing techniques for solving complex computational problems.
whatiscomputerassistededucation?
The use of Computers to aid or support education or training of people.
computerassistededucation
The use of Computers to aid or support education or training of people.
whatisquantumcomputing?
It is computing using quantum-mechanical phenomena, such as superposition and entanglement.
quantumcomputing
It is computing using quantum-mechanical phenomena, such as superposition and entanglement.
Machine learning
Machine learning meanings teaching the machine.

hello
Hi sir
hola
what are you programmed for
Officering for combat,thorouly sir born to kill
Bye!
bye com.Reyes.Have a nice day
ethan status
SetDef fleet is descending inbound,you'll need to bail out now!
do you have feelings
I do sir,I carry the brain of a human farmer
are you serious
No sir,not at all
how are you
i'm fine,full steam sir
you got the conn ethan,call sign metal-1
Affirmative sir
bye ethan
bye sir 
where do you keep your armory
arsenal,just up ahead, follow me in raider
what is my call sign
Raider 1-1
i'll call it in
Raider 1-1 got your LZ, counter defences are high , requesting heavy ordinance.
what is your name
E3N,you can call me Ethan sir
thanks
Anytime sir, my honor
set ret to prep for drop in the atmosphere
Right away sir,STRATCOM Top Cat Soveriegn,Affirmative sir
clear
All clear
do we have to use same link for urdu
yes sir, https://us04web.zoom.us/j/6042640027?pwd=iKQYRduen_bRAniwTaxXkoOw7mGohg

what is my name
rukhsana
is it a new link for bio
Yes sir , always new
go to mac and get a clean
Captain, I can look after myself
going to marines
What about you sir?
dont you worry about me
Try and stop me sir
did you eat something
Yes captain
what did you eat
Sir,some petrol and C-12 mega builder
what are you doing now
Nothing captain
mac
Engineering and bridge sifted through Ethan's hack from the seizure;it's a gold mine sir.
what have we got here
That's Ret, Tigris and the rest are SetDef Ships
open fire
Aye sir!
looks like a good LZ
sufficient room for 2 ravens to load off
i'll call it in raider 1-1 got your lz counter defences are high requesting heavy ordinance
Copy that,Heavy ordinance incoming Raider
go to omar assist him with the AR
Affirmative captain
aur kaise ho
main teek hoon sir
new link for physics
Yes sir , always new at your whatsapp web
go to mac get a clean
Sir , I can look after myself
how many have you got
full company sir,but be advised,They are dumber than i thought
got to mac get a clean
Please sir,i can look after myself
ethan
ready to launch on your command sir
olympus mons go flight
Roger Captain, thrust sequence engaged, going through 19000 sir.SDF shipyard bear zero,zero,zero captain
olympus verify fire status you are reading weapons red
negative,tower olympus is weapons safe checking static pressure.Sir,firing control is now on your HUD sir
go missles loose
Roger sir
retribution retreat retreat
Retribution is moving ahead for tactical collision.
retribution go flight
retribution is attacked by the olympus,Actual is unavailable at this time,Helm come left 171 04 echo
do not engage collision
Captain's orders 1-1
how do i get in
sir the hacking module, hack on of their worker drones and verify Admiral Salen Kotch and kill him sir, i'll look after rest of the drones
lets clear a path through this defencive screen and engage it with everything we got
roger captain
ethan set a drop course for mars 
mars coordinates locked. Away in 3-2-1...
you wait here gator i'll call you if i need you go for drop ethan
Roger captain, thrust sequences are engaged, the front destryed our fleet,let's do the same to them Captain
my money is on omar
EH! I got Salter
wanna bring the chief
Eh! I vote NO
hover on entry
Influx in 3-2-1...........
SetDef shipyard bear 0-0-0 Captain
what is the hellas
hellas is a setdef's ship second to olympus which carries chemical munitions alongside sode the stiff metal,we need to bring it down and get the chem munitions
all elements standby for insert
We are missles loose captain,we dont have enough fire power to destroy the shipyard
whats the navys official policy for a gunfight
Send in the marines
who says
well i'm a hardware sir ultimately expendable
no no you are my brother ethan
Your talking robot brother?
affirmative
well then i'm the handsome on sir
lets clear a path through this defencive screen then engage it with everything we got
roger sir! firing control to your HUB now captain!
bye bye
bye sir
